Summit 2020 4 (#691)
carbon-design-system/ibm-dotcom-library-website: src/pages/events/summit-2020/agenda.mdx

| 08:30-09:00AM ET | Carbon landscape | Mike Abbink <br/>Linda Carotenuto |
| 09:00–09:30AM ET | Excellence, quality, & standards | Kelly Churchil<br/>Liz Barker |
| 09:30-10:30AM ET | Building with Carbon break-out session part 1 | See [details](#building-with-carbon-part-1-details) |
| 10:30–11:00AM ET | Q & A | Nigel Prentice |

  </Column>
</Row>

## Day 1 activity
<Title>Coming soon.</Title>

## Day 2 (October 16th)

<Row className="resource-card-group">
<Column colMd={12} colLg={12} noGutterSm>

| Time | Activity | Presenter |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| 08:00-09:00AM ET | The business of design | Elliott Trice<br/>Olivia Flory<br/>Irina Lubenskaya<br/>Shixie Trofimov<br/>Andrew Ginsberg |
| 09:00–10:30AM ET | Governance, standards, & contribution | Robin Canon<br/>Linda Carotenuto |
| 09:30-10:30AM ET | Building with Carbon break-out session part 2 | See [details](#building-with-carbon-part-2-details) |
| 10:30–11:00AM ET | Q & A, wrap-up | Missy Foristall<br/>Nigel Prentice |

  </Column>
</Row>

<br/><br/>

<hr/>

## Building with Carbon part 1 details

<Caption>Date & Time: October 15th 9:30&ndash;10:30AM ET</Caption>

<Title>Designing for IBM.com (for designers)</Title>

> This session is for design leaders who are leading the various efforts to build the next generation IBM.com experiences with Carbon and IBM.com Library. The Digital Design System team members will present the various resources, tools, buidelines, and methodologies that are available for makers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This session is for design leaders who are leading the various efforts to build the next generation IBM.com experiences with Carbon and Carbon for IBM.com, formally known as IBM.com Library. The Digital Design System team members will present the various resources, tools, guidelines, and methodologies that are available for makers.
```

Presenter: Kenny Lam, Ariella Gilmore<br/>
Join [WebEx](https://ibm.webex.com/meet/kenny.lam)

<Title>Carbon for IBM.com: Using Web Components (for developers)</Title>

While our team focused on building Carbon for IBM.com for React in the past year, we are now laser focused on providing the same level of offerings for IBM.com application teams that are not using React. With the sunset of IE11 and classic Edge support, our team is now embracing the more modern native browser standard of Web Components. Learn about custom elements, shadow DOM, and our usage of lit-element/lit-html, and how Carbon for IBM.com Web Components can be bootstrapped in your IBM.com application.

Presenter: Akira Sudoh<br/>
Join [WebEx](https://ibm.webex.com/meet/asudoh)

## Building with Carbon part 2 details

<Caption>Date & Time: October 16th 9:30&ndash;10:30AM ET</Caption>

<Title>Designing for IBM.com: case studies and Q&A (for designers)</Title>

> This session is for design leaders who are leading the various efforts to build the next generation IBM.com experiences with Carbon and IBM.com Library. The first segment will be led by Lila Title from IBM.com Reboot team to go over a case study. The second segment will be an interactive session to review the homework and focus on discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This session is for design leaders who are leading the various efforts to build the next generation IBM.com experiences with Carbon and Carbon for IBM.com, formally known as IBM.com Library. The first segment will be led by Lila Title from IBM.com Reboot team to go over a case study. The second segment will be an interactive session to review the homework and focus on discussions.
```
